ollama/README.md, before:

<<<<<<< HEAD
`# Ollama PBJ CUDA Runtime in CML
=======
# Ollama PBJ CUDA Runtime in CML
>>>>>>> upstream/main
Ollama provides an easy mechanism to set up local selfhosted / private LLMs and multi-modal Models. This runtime is used to setup the Ollama binaries, the associated CUDA and recommended python libraries for accessing OLLAMA in CML. 

## Why do we need this runtime?
Ollama cannot be set up by a pip install and its binary installation on Linux requires sudo access, which is not available by default in a CML Terminal for security reasons. 
This runtime sets up Ollama, associated CUDA libraries and compatible python versions so that you can add them to your CML workspace for use.



## Docker build for CML 
A  build is available on dockerhub that can be accessed as follows ( needs docker login) by using the format _docker.io/your-dockerimagename-name:tag_ 

*A prebuilt version has been uploaded to the Docker hub and can can be accessed as follows*
```
<<<<<<< HEAD
docker.io/superellipse/ollama-serve-and-pull:v2.7
=======
docker.io/superellipse/cml-pbj-cuda-ollama:v1.2
>>>>>>> upstream/main
```
Built by vishrajagopalan( Github/docker handle - Superellipse) using the command
docker build -f Dockerfile -t cml-pbj-cuda-ollama:v1.2 .

## Adding the runtime image in CML
To add a runtime image in CML if it does not exist already, go to the runtime catalog in control pane, and click on add runtime. you can add the details as below. Replace the runtime image with your own image details and tags if you are building your own docker image.


 <br> <br>
<<<<<<< HEAD
![Adding Runtime](./picture/AddingRuntimeinCML.png)
=======
![Adding Runtime](./picture/AddingRuntimeinCML.jpg)
>>>>>>> upstream/main

<br><br>
## References: 
1. Click here to know more about [Ollama](https://www.ollama.com/)
2. For more detials on this process and how to add this image to CML, please refer to this [Cloudera Documentation Page](https://docs.cloudera.com/machine-learning/cloud/runtimes/topics/ml-runtimes-overview.html)

Commit message:

Fixed README Issues (#31)
* Updated Ollama runtime

* updated ReadMe

* Updated runtime image details and explanations in read me

* minor readme fixes

* fixed link errors

* message is made clear

* Fixed the issues in Pull Request review

* Updates to Ollama

* updates to the file to include Ollama as a kernel service

* remove old image

* ollama file refactoring

* changed acronyms and typos

* rebase

* updated Readme

* rebase

* rebase

* merge

* rebase

* rebase

* merge

* merge

* merge

* merge

* fixed issue with merge

* merge and cleanup

---------

Co-authored-by: superellipse <vishrajagopalan@cloudera.com>

ollama/README.md, after:


# Ollama PBJ CUDA Runtime for Cloudera AI ( previously Cloudera Machine Learning)
Ollama provides an easy mechanism to set up local selfhosted / private LLMs and multi-modal Models. This runtime is used to setup the Ollama binaries, the associated CUDA and recommended python libraries for accessing OLLAMA in Cloudera Machine Learning. 

## Why do we need this runtime?
Ollama cannot be set up by a pip install and its binary installation on Linux requires sudo access, which is not available by default in a Cloudera Machine Learning Terminal for security reasons. 
This runtime sets up Ollama, associated CUDA libraries and compatible python versions so that you can add them to your CML workspace for use.



## Docker build for CML 
A  build is available on dockerhub that can be accessed as follows ( needs docker login) by using the format _docker.io/your-dockerimagename-name:tag_ 

*A prebuilt version has been uploaded to the Docker hub and can can be accessed as follows*
```
docker.io/superellipse/ollama-serve-and-pull:v2.7
```
## Adding the runtime image in Cloudera Machine Learning
To add a runtime image in Cloudera Machine Learning if it does not exist already, go to the runtime catalog in control pane, and click on add runtime. you can add the details as below. Replace the runtime image with your own image details and tags if you are building your own docker image.


 <br> <br>
![Adding Runtime](./picture/AddingRuntimeinCML.png)
<br><br>
## References: 
1. Click here to know more about [Ollama](https://www.ollama.com/)
2. For more detials on this process and how to add this image to Cloudera Machine Learning, please refer to this [Cloudera Documentation Page](https://docs.cloudera.com/machine-learning/cloud/runtimes/topics/ml-runtimes-overview.html)
